It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it.
You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test.
Every nation in every region now has a decision to make. Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists.
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
I think we agree, the past is over.
We will not tire, we will not falter, and we will not fail.
When I take action, I'm not going to fire a $2 million missile at a $10 empty tent and hit a camel in the butt. It's going to be decisive.
I am mindful not only of preserving executive powers for myself, but for predecessors as well.
One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures.
I can hear you, the rest of the world can hear you and the people who knocked these buildings down will hear all of us soon.
One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures.
They misunderestimated me.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again.
One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror. 
I think war is a dangerous place.
If this were a dictatorship it would be a heck of a lot easier... as long as I'm the dictator. Hehehe.
It has come to my attention, that air pollution is polluting the air!
I reads every chance I can gets.
My job is a decision-making job, and as a result, I make a lot of decisions.
In my sentences I go where no man has gone before.
I know the human being and fish can co-exist peacefully.
I don't care what the polls say. I don't. I'm doing what I think what's wrong.
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
It's a time of sorrow and sadness when we lose a loss of life.
I frankly felt like the reception we received on the way in from the airport was very warm and hospitable. And I want to thank the Canadian people who came out to wave -- with all five fingers -- for their hospitality.
I would say the best moment of all was when I caught a 7.5-lb. perch in my lake.
Wait a minute. What did you just say? You're predicting $4-a-gallon gas? ... That's interesting. I hadn't heard that.
I think we agree, the past is over.
Thank you, your Holiness. Awesome speech.
For every fatal shooting, there are about 3 non-fatal shootings. Folks, this is unacceptable in America.
Reading is the basics for all learning.
I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office.
The important question is, How many hands have I shaked?
Murdering the innocent to advance an ideology is wrong every time everywhere.
There are cameras nowadays that have been developed to tell the difference between a squirrel and a bomb.
The thing that's important for me is to remember what's the most important thing.
It will take time to restore chaos.
I think if you know what you believe, it makes it a lot easier to answer questions. I can't answer your question.
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
This may sound a little West Texan to you, but I like it. When I'm talking about.. when I'm talking about myself, and when he's talking about myself, all of us are talking about me.
I am a war president.
You work three jobs? Uniquely American, isn't it? I mean, that is fantastic that you're doing that.
The thing that's wrong with the French is that they don't have a word for entrepreneur.
Teach a child to read and he/she will pass a literary test.
Freedom is not our gift to the world it is God's gift to humanity.
There is a huge trust. I see it all the time when people come up to me and say, 'I don't want you to let me down again.'
To those of you who received honors, awards , and distinctions, I say, well done. And to the C students I say, you, too, can be president of the United States.
When I was coming up, it was a dangerous world, and you knew exactly who they were. It was us versus them, and it was clear who them was. Today, we are not so sure who the they are, but we know they're there.
You can fool some of the people all the time, and those are the ones you want to concentrate on.
I call upon all nations to do everything they can to stop these terrorist killers. Thank you. Now watch this drive.
The future will be better tomorrow.
The Ambassador and the General were briefing me on the....the vast majority of Iraqis want to live in a peaceful, free world. And we will find these people and we will bring them to justice.
The most important job is not to be governor, or first lady in my case.
It's important for us to explain to our nation that life is important. It's not only life of babies, but it's life of children living in, you know, the dark dungeons of the Internet.
Too many good docs are getting out of the business. Too many OB/GYN's aren't able to practice their love with women all across the country.
Amigo! Amigo!
I talked to my little brother, Jeb -- I haven't told this to many people. But he's the governor of -- I shouldn't call him my little brother -- my brother, Jeb, the great Governor of Texas.
The bill Congress sent me would take away one of the most valuable tools in the war on terror...so today I vetoed it.
It's amazing I won. I was running against peace, prosperity, and incumbency.
I have opinions of my own, strong opinions, but I don't always agree with them.
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
Well, I think if you say you're going to do something and don't do it, that's trustworthiness.
When I say drop your pants and show me the moon, I'm not just whistling Dixie!
Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream.
Because European countries now resolve differences through negotiation and consensus, there's sometimes an assumption that the entire world functions in the same way. But let us never forget ... beyond Europe's borders, in a world where oppression and violence are very real, liberation is still a moral goal, and freedom and security still need defenders.
Government should do a few things, and do them right
I've been in the Bible every day since I've been the president.
If you don't stand for anything, you don't stand for anything!
I heard somebody say, 'Where's (Nelson) Mandela?' Well, Mandela's dead. Because Saddam killed all the Mandelas.
Recognizing and confronting our history is important. Transcending our history is essential. We are not limited by what we have done, or what we have left undone. We are limited only by what we are willing to do.
We will not tire, we will not falter, and we will not fail.
I introduced Putin to our Scottish terrier, Barney. He wasn't very impressed. On my next trip to Russia, Vladimir asked if I wanted to meet his dog, Koni. Sure, I said. As we walked the birch-lined grounds of his dacha, a big black Labrador came charging across the lawn. With a twinkle in his eye, Vladimir said, "Bigger, stronger, and faster than Barney.
And there is distrust in Washington. I am surprised, frankly, at the amount of distrust that exists in this town. And I'm sorry it's the case, and I'll work hard to try to elevate it.
We'll let our friends be the peacekeepers and the great country called America will be the pacemakers.
Adoption was such a positive alternative to abortion, a way to save one life and brighten two more: those of the adoptive parents.
Thousands of lives were suddenly ended by evil, despicable acts of terror. The pictures of airplanes flying into buildings, fires burning, huge structures collapsing, have filled us with disbelief, terrible sadness and a quiet, unyielding anger.
I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.
As yesterday's positive report card shows, childrens do learn when standards are high and results are measured.
I'm not the expert on how the Iraqi people think, because I live in America, where it's nice and safe and secure.
See, free nations are peaceful nations. Free nations don't attack each other. Free nations don't develop weapons of mass destruction.
I've got an 'eckilectic' reading list.
Freedom and fear, justice and cruelty, have always been at war, and we know that God is not neutral between them.
Wow! Brazil is big.
Will the highways on the Internet become more few?
At that point in my life, I was not looking for a career. I viewed my first decade after college as a time to explore. I didn't want anchors to hold me down. If something caught my attention, I would try it. If not, I would move on.
They want the federal government controlling Social Security like it's some kind of federal program.
I am mindful not only of preserving executive powers for myself, but for predecessors as well.
I want to remind you right quick what this country has been through, and the challenges this economy had faced over the last three years. First, we went through a recession. That means we were going backwards.
I'm a uniter not a divider. That means when it comes time to sew up your chest cavity, we use stitches as opposed to opening it up.
I fully understand those who say you can't win this thing militarily. That's exactly what the United States military says, that you can't win this military.
o, I'm lying on the couch and Laura walks in and I say, 'Free at last,' and she says 'You're free all right, you're free to do the dishes.' So I say, 'You're talking to the former president, baby,' and she said, 'consider this your new domestic policy agenda.'


