For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (God damn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (God damn)
They mad they're still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (God damn)
Yeah we still hood famous
I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She in school to be a real estate agent
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die
I told, I told, ay ay, I told you
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Sorry I ain't called you back
Same problem my father had
All his time, all he had, all he had
In what he dreamed
All his cash, market crashed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Drops some stacks pops is good
Momma pass in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Driving fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm coming back
I'll be taking all the stacks
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Taking all the stacks, oh
Stacks, oh
Taking all the stacks, oh
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the 'Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink Polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song, about Kanye?
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye," man that would be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye
Bro. Bro! Listen to the kids. First of all, thank you, Taylor, for being so gracious and giving me this award this evening.

And I often think back to the first day I met you also. You know I think about when I’m in the grocery store with my daughter and I have a really great conversation about fresh juice… and at the end they say, ’Oh, you’re not that bad after all!’ And like I think about it sometimes. … It crosses my mind a little bit like when I go to a baseball game and 60,000 people boo me. Crosses my mind a little bit.

And I think if I had to do it all over again what would I have done? Would I have worn a leather shirt? Would I have drank half a bottle of Hennessy and gave the rest of it to the audience? Ya’ll know ya’ll drank that bottle too! If I had a daughter at that time would I have went on stage and grabbed the mic from someone else’s? You know, this arena tomorrow it’s gonna be a completely different setup. Some concert, something like that. The stage will be gone. After that night, the stage was gone, but the effect that it had on people remained.

The … The problem was the contradiction. The contradiction is I do fight for artists, but in that fight I somehow was disrespectful to artists. I didn’t know how to say the right thing, the perfect thing. I just … I sat at the Grammys and saw Justin Timberlake and Cee-Lo lose. Gnarls Barkley and the FutureLove … SexyBack album … and Justin, I ain’t trying to put you on blast, but I saw that man in tears, bro. You know, and I was thinking, like, ’He deserved to win Album of the Year!
And this small box that we are as the entertainers of the evening … How could you explain that? Sometimes I feel like all this s–t they run about beef and all that? Sometimes I feel like I died for the artist’s opinion. For artists to be able to have an opinion after they were successful. I’m not no politician, bro!

Look at that. You know how many times MTV ran that footage again? ’Cause it got them more ratings? You know how many times they announced Taylor was going to give me the award ’cause it got them more ratings? Listen to the kids, bro! I still don’t understand awards shows. I don’t understand how they get five people who worked their entire life … sold records, sold concert tickets to come stand on the carpet and for the first time in they life be judged on the chopping block and have the opportunity to be considered a loser! I don’t understand it, bruh!

I don’t understand when the biggest album, or the biggest video … I’ve been conflicted, bro. I just wanted people to like me more. “But f–k that, bro! 2015! I will die for the art! For what I believe in. And the art ain’t always gonna be polite! Ya’ll might be thinking right now, ’Did he smoke something before he came out here?’ The answer is yes, I rolled up a little something. I knocked the edge off!

I don’t know what’s gonna happen tonight, I don’t know what’s gonna happen tomorrow, bro. But all I can say to my artists, to my fellow artists: Just worry how you feel at the time, man. Just worry about how you feel and don’t NEVER … you know what I’m saying? I’m confident. I believe in myself. We the millennials, bro. This is a new mentality. We’re not gonna control our kids with brands. We not gonna teach low self-esteem and hate to our kids. We gonna teach our kids that they can be something. We gonna teach our kids that they can stand up for theyself! We gonna teach our kids to believe in themselves!”

If my grandfather was here right now he would not let me back down! I don’t know I’m fittin’ to lose after this. It don’t matter though, cuz it ain’t about me. It’s about ideas, bro. New ideas. People with ideas. People who believe in truth. And yes, as you probably could have guessed by this moment, I have decided in 2020 to run for president.
Oh yeah. That was good. That suit was like, I would’ve worn something different if I could look back right now. I could still do a suit, I just wouldn’t have done that exact lapel situation.
Oh, thank you very much. Yeah, I feel I was able to start making exactly what was in my mind again, not having to speak with the textures of the time. Cause, you know, Cruel Summer is definitely Kanye West, and there’s something weird and kind of off about “Mercy,” like when it has the high-pitched, that type of sound. It sounds like art still a little bit, even thought it obviously was a radio smash.

But it’s still – when I get into the idea, the trap drums and things like that, certain songs that are blatant radio hits, it’s like I’m speaking with today’s textures. And that’s – if you look at it 200 years from now, it’s not going to stand out in the way that 808’s or Yeezus stands out, and can completely push or redefine or make people say, you know: hey, I completely hate that, or I completely love that, but let me just think differently. Because everybody is bound to these — no pun intended — they’re bound to sixteen bars or eight bars, and you know the normal radio – the radio thing.

I was talking to Frank Ocean about this, and said, my mom got arrested for the sit-ins, and now we’re more like the sit-outs. Like, sit off of radio, and say, hey radio, come to us. We need to find something new, because it’s being controlled in a way, and manufactured in a way, that really awesome artists can make amazing music and not break as far past as, like, something that’s very formulaic.
I showed people that I understand how to make perfect. Dark Fantasy could be considered to be perfect. I know how to make perfect, but that’s not what I’m here to do. I’m here to crack the pavement and make new grounds — sonically and society, culturally.

Thank you to everybody who made The Life of Pablo the number 1 album in the world!!!
I also wanted to point out that it’s the first album to go number 1 off of streaming!!!
I’m so happy that you guys like the music…  I’m working on the tour designs now…
hey guys, do you like the fixed version of Wolves better?
and also my number one design rule of anything I do from shoes to music to homes is that Kim has to like it....
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye
We still love Kanye
Man that'd be so Kanye
I even had the pink polo I thought I was Kanye
It wasn’t any Kanyes
I miss the sweet Kanye
you have to know who you are before you can become it.
And I used a period because contrary to popular belief I strongly dislike exclamation points!
I used an exclamation just to be an asshole and also to make a point! LOL
Everyone has made mistakes. I just make them in public.
Don't be scared of the truth because we need to restart the human foundation in truth
Don't be mad at the truth. When you don't like me you are merely shooting the messenger.
And I promise the power is in the people and I will use the power given by the people to bring everything I have back to the people.
I represent the dreamers.
We will breathe clean air and exercise the first amendment.
but there is no other brand that could sell 1 million dollars of clothing in 2 days from 1 location!!!
My tweets are a form of contemporary art only compromised by people trying to tell me what to tweet and not to tweet...
no one can ask me or try to tell me what to Instagram... It's my art...
everyone can say anything they want about me but they could never say that I didn't care.
No more fashion calendar... I'm going Mad Max... 6 collections a year...3 albums a year
If you wouldn’t invite me to your house then don’t invite me to your show.
Fake Fake Fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake … just my analysis
I like T-shirts and women in yoga pants… I live in LA that’s what people wear… not sure why someone would put a suit jacket on with that.
I feel we are so stuck in the past and tradition.
All these journalists can give their opinions well these are mine…yes I believe in my ripped homeless sweaters!!!
the pure of heart win…
I’m very detailed oriented and I will know the difference so don’t try to just throw a bow on the original head…
I just want to thank Will Ferrell for the years of joy he has brought into my life with amazing comedy
I just thought of the craziest idea of all ... I'm going to sell winter coats in the winter!!!
The world needs a guy like me. The world needs somebody to not be scared and tell his truth.
I'm not even gon lie to you. I love me so much right now.
And yes I've talked to Adidas and we gon hook y'all up with free Yeezys and Adidas.  All positive vibes.
What is your definition of true freedom? There is no true freedom without economic freedom.
It's a beautiful time.  I love my friends. I love my family.  I love people. The human race.
I'm happy and free and proud and confident. I'm not crazy. I'm free
We need to see Young Thug at the Grammys.  Not just me and Jay in a suit.
Has anyone at the Grammys ever heard March Madness??? Yes I have a problem with the Grammys.
I made Dark Fantasy and Watch the Throne in one year and wasn’t nominated for either and you know who has 2 albums of the year.
Bro you said Macklemore was more important musically than me… no offense to Macklemore, he’s a nice human being!
I’m so sorry for them…   I will send them free Yeezys to make up for the embarrassment that you have caused your family!
Your kids are ashamed of their dad…  Sorry for speaking about kids…  but could you imagine if you were Bob Ezrin’s kids…
Do something relevant… Please don’t speak on me bro ever again!!!
My number one enemy has been my ego…  there is only one throne and that’s God's  …
In rap we have been developing a brotherhood…
A wise man should be humble enough to admit when he’s wrong and change his mind based on new information…
Some rappers got the club … Some got the radio… some got the conscience…some got the streets… Everybody has something they do the best…
I’d rather teachers got paid more and books cost less … #2020
We have to lower the price of textbooks…
Education puts Americans into debt before they even get a chance to get started…
so many people were inspired  and that’s all I wanted…
for anybody listening to Pablo now, working on a dream
this country was built off of dreamers …   never give up on your dreams, bro…
Money doesn’t make me who I am…
Also all Good Fridays songs will be on Tidal. Me and Kendrick got 40 songs and me and Young Thug got 40 songs. 40/40 club!!!
Shut the fuck up and enjoy the greatness.
The system is designed for colored people to fail and one of our only voices is music. One of our only ways out is music.
I love love love white people but you don't understand what it means to be the great grandson of ex slaves and make it this far.
I am ultra light beaming right now. So many people have called or emailed to help today hedge fund guys billionaires etc...
No matter what level you're at in life there is still a struggle
and I think the idea of being a celebrity a lot of times blocks the understanding of what my purpose is.
Yes I am personally rich and I can buy furs and houses for my family
I just feel rich people are always too cool to ask for help trying to impress each other at dinner parties.
All you dudes in San Fran play rap music in your homes    but never help the real artists…
you’d rather open up one school in Africa like you really helped the country…
hey Larry Page I’m down for your help too …
Mark Zuckerberg  I know it’s your bday but can you please call me by 2mrw…
All y'all so worried about being likable but only a few are concerned about being great!!!
