I’d think God was doing this for a reason. He was saying: ‘Kim, you think you’re so hot, but look what I can do to you…I got so huge and it felt like someone had taken over my body.
I had dinner with Obama once, and he just seemed very firm about the change, and that’s, like, his motto.
I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down.
You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am. 
Maybe my fairy tale has a different ending than I dreamed it would. But that's OK. 
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it. 
I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised. 
You have to look at her Tumblr. It’s just like, so her soul.
I’m not buying her a fucking pair of shoes. I bought her a fucking career.
I want to be a vampire ... I would die to be in Twilight, being around all those hot guys.
I used to drink a ton of iced tea, but I've cut back. I had the craziest addiction to Equal — I'd put 10 Equals in every iced tea.
Honey, would you put a bumper sticker on a Bentley?
Isn’t it funny how like, elephants like, have a saggy butt?
I can’t go like, shopping around Beverly Hills in this car.
I just went out and bought flats for the first time this week and I can’t wear them. 
I only just started wearing underwear a month ago. And I never used to wear underwear until then.
I always pee all over my Spanx, it’s a disaster. They aren’t crotchless enough!
I  rented a monkey for my mom for a week.
There's nothing I love more than getting to stay home all day and not get ready for anything, which is about half the week.
Craving Cheetos.
They say I look like a different ethnicity
North doesn’t like pink or purple. She likes greys, creams, oatmeal colors and black.  Every once in awhile she’ll add some color, like with her little red Air Yeezys, but other than that she likes to keep it pretty simple.
In recent years, I'm like too cool for duck face, so that doesn't happen.
I don't like South West, though, because that's like — you know, North will always, you know, be better... I don't think we'll go with another direction.
There’s a lot of baggage that comes with us. But it’s like Louis Vuitton baggage — you always want it.
What gave me the right to think I could be a singer?
I’m doin’ it with class, ‘cause I got a big ass.
I’ll cry at the end of the day. Not with fresh makeup.
Well a bear can juggle and stand on a ball and he’s talented. But he’s not famous, you know what I mean?
I think if I’m 40 and I don’t have any kids and I’m not married, I would have a baby artificially inseminated. I would feel like Mary — like Jesus is my baby
Being on a reality show doesn’t get the respect I feel it should.
Stretchmarks are my biggest fear of life.
People who post lots of quotes have major issues. I can’t take all the quotes in my feed. Twitter is OK but Instagram is for pics!
I hate it when women wear the wrong foundation colour. It might be the worst thing on the planet when they wear their makeup too light.
Kanye always says ‘Dress sexier!’ He’s always the most encouraging. 
It was just so enchanting, with a garden with really pretty trellises and beautiful roses.
It wasn’t realistic for me to purchase. It only had a one-car garage.
I’m honoured that Kanye calls me his ‘Perfect Bitch.’ I love it. I know he doesn’t mean it in a negative way when he says that word.
I read that I was obsessed with killing racoons.
It annoys me whenever someone says, ‘What do you actually do?’ All I think is, ‘How are you so ignorant that you don’t know?’ I mean, what an uneducated question.
If I was a man, I would want to know what it’s like to have sex with myself. I would just want to know what it would feel like hitting it from the back.
White is actually one of my favourite colours. I have a white car. I love white.
There are paparazzi everywhere, that’s a fact. If I go out in bright sunlight all my cellulite will be lit up and visible. If it’s overcast, you can’t see it.
If labour’s worse than this I’ll hang myself. I’ll literally take a knife and slit my throat. 
I feel really blessed because I genuinely love the process of getting my hair and makeup done.
The first person I talk to is Kanye because he’s right there next to me in bed. I’ll say, ‘Do you want to go for a run?’ And he usually does. Or he won’t because he has a workout. So we’ll just talk about that. Then kisses.
I just feel like I can’t function in the real world with long nails.
I couldn’t care less if they said I was pregnant with twins by my brother.




















