Well, it’s no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets, secretly.
Gary, I’m absorbing his blows like I’m made of some sort of spongy material.
Run Mr. Krabs! Run like you’re not in a coma!
Excuse me, sir, but you’re sitting on my body, which is also my face.
meatball meatball spaghetti underneath, ravioli ravioli great barrier reef.
Gary, what are you doing here? YOU’RE CAUSING A SCENE!!!
We’ve been smeckledorfed!
There it is. The finest eating establishment ever established for eating. The Krusty Krab, home of the Krabby Patty, with the Help Wanted sign on the front. I’ve waited years for this moment. I’m gonna go in there, march straight up to the manager, look at him straight in the eye, lay it on the line, and – I can’t do it!
Oh well, I guess I’m not wearing any pants today!
I knew a guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy’s cousin…
No, Gary. I like wearing my underwear like this!”
Moss always points to civilization.
The maniacs in the MAILBOX!
I am the master at Kara-tay.
Firmly grasp it in your hand.
Ha ha ha ha, it’s a giraffe.
CHOCOLATE!!!!
Do you smell it? That smell, the kind of smelly smell. A smelly smell that smells... smelly.
Patrick, I don’t think Wumbo is a real word.
I don't get it. I made my house a mess, which was making it clean, which made Squidward clean my yard, but that really means he's messing it up. But the opposite of clean is filth, which means filth is clean, that means Squidward is really making my yard a wreck, but I normally wreck my own yard which means, Squidward is being the opposite of Squidward which means he's Spongebob!
Come on. You know, I wumbo, you wumbo, he/she/me wumbo. Wombology, the study of wumbo! It’s first grade Spongebob!
Is Mayonnaise an instrument?
F is for fire that burns down the whole town, U is for Uranium…bombs! N is for no survivors!
You don’t need a license to drive a sandwich.
The best time to wear a striped sweater…is all the time.
Once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died… the end.
It took three days to make that potato salad…three days!!!
My leg!
Can I be excused for the rest of my life?
Can I get some extra salt? We're all out. Could you check? …No.
Patrick, you're a genius! Yeah, I get called that a lot. What? A genius? No, Patrick. 
Oh, these aren't homemade. They were made in a factory... a bomb factory. They're bombs.
You just CAN'T WAIT for me to die, can you?
Do instruments of torture count?
Hello, we’re with the pet hospital down the street, and I understand you have a dying animal on the premises.
Hey Patrick, I thought of something funnier than 24… 25!
We should take Bikini Bottom and push it somewhere else!
Is this the Krusty Krab?
No! This is Patrick!
The Krusty Krab pizza is the pizza for you and me.
This is a load of barnacles…
Now he’s gonna kick my butt!
This is not your average, everyday darkness. This is... ADVANCED darkness.
Too bad Spongebob isn't here to enjoy Spongebob not being here.
Remember, licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
I’m not just ready, I’m ready Freddy! ...It’s Larry... 
I’ll have you know that I stubbed by toe last week and only cried for 20 minutes.
Hey Patrick what am I now? Uh...stupid? No! I’m Texas! What's the difference?
Patrick, don’t you have to be stupid somewhere else?
Not until 4.
Are you Squidward now? ... That’s okay take your time
Who are you people?!
Squidward that’s not the peace treaty, that’s a copy of the peace treaty.
What's your name son? Name? Uhh, beef wellington. No your name. Uhh, fork on the left?
Are you open? Read the sign... ...l’ll have a Krabby Patty Deluxe and some double chili kelp fries.
HAHAHAHA THAT GUY GOT HIT IN THE HEAD WITH A COCONUT HAHAHA.
My sandwich tastes like a fried boot. My sandwich is a fried boot!
Too bad that didn’t kill me.





















